Practicing CSS by cloning a website - flexbox, positioning
some transforms, translates, media queries, and navbar 
collapse.

7/10/20 - moving on to vanilla js. Add modal functionality with contact form using js from scratch.

Added an events HTML, Css and JS. The JS I wrote creates a calendar on the web page that updates the 
Month year and the dates as you select month with arrow key.

7/16/2020 - I refactored the calendar code which had some redundencies. I also added a submit events 
form to add an events background image to the claendar date you input. I also added local storage methods 
to store and retrieve created events.

7/17/2020
completed to do - -Make storage methods add an array of events that are displayed on the calendar if the current month is the same as the stored event month.
completed -clear submit form inputs on submit. The problem was on submit I couldn't pass the current month. The onload function creates current month and renders calendar.
therefore when I submit an event it doesn't render. To solve this I added window.location.reload() method to trigger onload function.
completed - Add year so I can add event in any year I want. Currently on current year supported.
Correction - refactor. I moved the add events function into the window.onload function which creates the calendar object so I could pass the current month and year. 
If the submitted calendar event matches current month year then the load events method is called and renders all events for the current calendar on the DOM.

7/20/20 - refactor code by eliminating repitition, using terenary operators for some if else. 
Rewrite of calendar markup. Use to be multiple loops and lots of slice to create markups but now it's one map function to create the mark up and creating a new row if day of the week
is a sunday. Adding blank calendar days if it's before the day of the week of the 1st or the last day of the month.

7/21/2020 - 
-format calendar dates if background is applied for event to date.

-Add a delete events functionallity

7/22/2020 - 
added video with HTML 5 api

TO Dos:

- photo overlay the video and on hover auto play no sound. 
- add validation to event inputs
- Style calendar UI

-refactor code more.

-optional hover events displays event details

Future: when working with database make event creation only accessible for authenticated users



